(Docs+) Flush out Resource+Task troubleshooting (#111773)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/troubleshooting/common-issues/rejected-requests.asciidoc

[source,console]
----
GET /_cat/thread_pool?v=true&h=id,name,queue,active,rejected,completed
----

> The `write` thread pool rejections frequently surface in the erring API and
> correlating log as `EsRejectedExecutionException` with either
> `QueueResizingEsThreadPoolExecutor` or `queue capacity`.
> 
> This frequently relates to <<task-queue-backlog,backlogged tasks>>

Reviewer: what is an "erring API"? if you mean the API that's erroring out, I'm not sure  where that would come into it 

when you say "with", do you mean it's a single error string with both of those substrings? 

```suggestion
`write` thread pool rejections frequently appear in the erring API and
correlating log as `EsRejectedExecutionException` with either
`QueueResizingEsThreadPoolExecutor` or `queue capacity`.

These errors are often related to <<task-queue-backlog,backlogged tasks>>.
```

[discrete]
[[check-circuit-breakers]]
==== Check circuit breakers

To check the number of tripped <<circuit-breaker,circuit breakers>>, use the
<<cluster-nodes-stats,node stats API>>.

[source,console]
----
GET /_nodes/stats/breaker
----

> These statistics are cumulative from node start up. For more information, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These statistics are cumulative from node startup. For more information, see
```

> <<circuit_breaker,circuit breaker errors>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<circuit-breaker,circuit breaker errors>>.
```

[discrete]
[[check-indexing-pressure]]
==== Check indexing pressure

To check the number of <<index-modules-indexing-pressure,indexing pressure>>

> rejections, use the <<cluster-nodes-stats,node stats API>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rejections, use the <<cluster-nodes-stats,node stats API>>.
```

[source,console]
----
GET _nodes/stats?human=true&filter_path=nodes.*.indexing_pressure
----

> The statistics are cumulative from node start up. Related API errors would

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These stats are cumulative from node startup. 

Indexing pressure rejections appear as an
```

> include `EsRejectedExecutionException` sub sections calling out rejected due

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`EsRejectedExecutionException`, and indicate that they were rejected due
```

to `coordinating_and_primary_bytes`, `coordinating`, `primary`, or `replica`.

> This frequently relates to <<task-queue-backlog,backlogged tasks>>,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These errors are often related to <<task-queue-backlog,backlogged tasks>>,
```

> <<docs-bulk,bulk index>> sizing, and/or the ingest target's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<docs-bulk,bulk index>> sizing, or the ingest target's
```

[source,console]
----
GET /_cat/thread_pool?v=true&h=id,name,queue,active,rejected,completed
----

`write` thread pool rejections frequently appear in the erring API and
correlating log as `EsRejectedExecutionException` with either
`QueueResizingEsThreadPoolExecutor` or `queue capacity`.

These errors are often related to <<task-queue-backlog,backlogged tasks>>.

[discrete]
[[check-circuit-breakers]]
==== Check circuit breakers

To check the number of tripped <<circuit-breaker,circuit breakers>>, use the
<<cluster-nodes-stats,node stats API>>.

[source,console]
----
GET /_nodes/stats/breaker
----

These statistics are cumulative from node startup. For more information, see
<<circuit-breaker,circuit breaker errors>>.

[discrete]
[[check-indexing-pressure]]
==== Check indexing pressure

To check the number of <<index-modules-indexing-pressure,indexing pressure>>
rejections, use the <<cluster-nodes-stats,node stats API>>.

[source,console]
----

> GET _nodes/stats?human=true&filter_path=nodes.*.indexing_pressure

Reviewer 2: Consistency with other calls:

```suggestion
GET _nodes/stats?human&filter_path=nodes.*.indexing_pressure
```
